A custom-made demo of SimCity 2000 is exhibited in the New York Museum of Modern Art.
The dragon Paarthurnax in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is voiced by the same man who voices Nintendo’s Mario.
Gears of War 2 was featured in AMC’s The Walking Dead.
Left 4 Dead 2 was so popular that an expansion was released 11 years after the original launch date.
Rockstar Games hired real-life gang members to voice background characters in Grand Theft Auto V.
Half-Life was listed as the Best-Selling First-Person Shooter of All Time (PC) in the 2008 gamer’s edition of the Guinness Book of World Records.
The creators of PUBG tried to sue the makers of Fortnite.
There are multiple references in Batman: Arkham City to ABC’s hit TV series Lost.
The studio behind Thief II: The Metal Age ran out of money, so they donated their tools to the game’s fans to expand upon the game.
The initial designs for the Little Sisters in BioShock were absolutely horrifying.
The background noises in Silent Hill 2 were randomized to keep players on the edge of their seats.
God of War (2018) plays out like a movie that’s been shot in one single take, with no cuts or loading screens.
Counter-Strike was initially a custom mod you could play in Half-Life.
Divinity: Original Sin 2 wasn’t meant to be released with voiced dialogue.
In 2012 the developers of Terraria tried to cancel further updates to the game.
X-COM: UFO Defense was nearly canceled twice!
Baldur’s Gate was developed by Bioware, the same developer who would later make the Mass Effect series.
Released in 1991, Neverwinter Nights was the first successful MMORPG.
The creators of Rock Band were the same people who made the first two Guitar Hero games.
In the first 24 hours of its release, more than a million people logged into Xbox Live to play Halo 3.
Democracy activists used Animal Crossing: New Horizons to spread messages that criticized China’s rule of Hong Kong.
The author of The Witcher novels tried to sue the developers of The Witcher 3 for more royalty payments.
FIFA 11 was the first FIFA game to let you play as the goalkeeper.
The first gaming event in the US to be held at a national level was the Red Annihilation multiplayer Quake event in 1997.
There are five different forms that MissingNo. can take in the original Pokémon GameBoy games.
The Colossi in Shadow of the Colossus don’t actually have names.
The first playable demo of Starcraft was essentially a re-skinned version of Warcraft, but in space.
The two characters who fight during the intro to Street Fighter II actually have names!
Command & Conquer: Red Alert was one of the first video games to be banned in China.
Assassin’s Creed was initially meant to be a spin-off of Prince of Persia.
Snoop Dogg created an exclusive track for Need For Speed: Underground 2.
The same guy behind Dota created League of Legends.
If you click the units enough times in Warcraft III, they will get annoyed at you and start talking back.
Donkey Kong 64‘s DK Rap started as a joke between the game designers.
Dogmeat, the canine companion in Fallout 3, was modeled off the dog in Mad Max 2.
Nintendo’s American branch was forced to offer gloves to everyone who bought a copy of Mario Party.
Mass Effect was initially called Science Fiction X.
Leonard Nimoy of Star Trek Fame voiced much of Sid Meier’s Civilization IV.
At its release, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate was the largest crossover game in history.
Japan was rumored to have run out of 100 Yen coins when Space Invaders was first released in 1978.
The Pinkerton Detective Agency tried to sue Rockstar Games after the release of Red Dead Redemption 2.
The handbook for Super Mario Kart actually recommended players cheat and look at each other’s screens to get an advantage!
There are more than 17 million different usable weapons in Borderlands 2.
The Sims was originally meant to be an architecture simulator.
When Sonic the Hedgehog 2 was released in the US, the English translation of the manual oversimplified the game’s story.
Pac-Man was nearly sold in the US as Puck-Man.
The first Battlefield game was created by fourteen people.
Carrie Fisher, as in the one and only Princess Leia, voiced parts of Dishonored.
There was a movie adaptation of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, but it’s so awful that you really should just forget it ever existed.
Hideo Kojima used Lego bricks to help his team build Metal Gear Solid.
Age of Empires II was also released for PlayStation 2.
Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 2 was the first in the series to have a playable Marvel character.
Deus Ex may have predicted the destruction of the Twin Towers.
The 250th two-player game played in the Mortal Kombat II arcade version launched a much older arcade classic instead.
Metroid‘s Samus Aran was originally meant to be a man.
Doom’s working title was “Attack of the Attackers.”
Dota 2‘s lead developer is only known by the pseudonym “IceFrog.”
Super Mario World is Shigeru Miyamoto’s favorite Mario game.
Many of the characters in Undertale are named after fonts.
Among Us was originally called SpaceMafia.
Bloodborne is so hard that Sony’s head of worldwide game development constantly emailed the developers for tips.
If you play Rise of the Tomb Raider on February 14, a special message pops up.
Despite ranking as one of the greatest NES games of all time, Mega Man 3 was a complete rush-job.
While Heroes of Might and Magic III got an HD remake, its expansions didn’t because the source code was lost.
A remaster of GoldenEye 007 was meant to be released in 2008.
World of Warcraft racked up 5.5 million lines of code within its first five years.
Scientists found that playing Portal 2 can improve your problem-solving skills.
The Dark Souls developers completely trolled the game’s players.
Conker’s Bad Fur Day was originally meant to be another boring PG-rated 3D platformer.
The idea for The Secret Cow Level in Diablo II came from a hoax in the first Diablo game.
LittleBigPlanet was originally called Craftworld, and its main character was Mr. Yellowhead.
The first Worms game was created as an entry into a game development competition.
There’s a secret Star Wars reference hidden in Final Fantasy VI.
The developers of Fallout: New Vegas missed out on a huge bonus from Bethesda because the game’s ratings were high enough.
Monster Hunter: World is Capcom’s single best-selling game.
Tom Clancy’s Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was banned in South Korea.
A special edition of Uncharted 2: Among Thieves was never sold in stores.
Plants Vs. Zombies was meant to be called Lawn of the Dead.
The Last of Us began development as a reboot of Naughty Dog’s Jak and Daxter series.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time has been the highest-ranking game since its release in 1998.
Multiple gamers have been sued for cheating in Fortnite: Battle Royale.
CyberPunk 2077‘s developers were made to work brutally long shifts at least six days a week in the final months before its release.
The Tetris theme song is actually a popular 1900s folk song.
More than a million people downloaded Angry Birds within its first 24 hours on the Android Market.
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was the first Call of Duty to feature killstreaks.
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is full of David Bowie references.
Disco Elysium: The Final Cut is banned in Australia.
Dragon Age: Origins has more than 900,000 words of dialogue.
There’s a piece of cheese hidden in every single level of Perfect Dark.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is the best-selling PlayStation 2 game of all time.
The first edition of Minecraft was made in just six days.
The creators of Journey decided to remove voice communication to make players more cooperative.
The first American Pokémon Go player to catch all 142 in the US was given round-the-world plane tickets.
Every accessible building in Fable 2 can be bought.
Some of the characters in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic were based on characters the developers played in tabletop RPG games.
There’s an Overwatch league where players are paid a minimum salary of $50,000.
The original Soulcalibur was the only game in the entire series that wasn’t released on PlayStation.
The woman who voices Resident Evil 4‘s Ashley Graham also did voice work for SpongeBob SquarePants.
The number 16 is everywhere in No Man’s Sky.
The world record score in Doodle Jump is over 20 million.